late summer in the new forest is the
start of the annual Pony roundups known
as drifts and the first social
engagement for the stride twins it's a
big thing in the social calendar of the
forest it looks like a bit of a Wild
West Show actually going to the outside
well the drift there are once a year
trying to gather up ponies for sale but
they're also a way of checking up on
their welfare to catch bronies you've
got you stealth they see you rolling out
through they'll they'll twig usually
split into small groups and everybody
knows where their positions are you've
got come round sort of an up in some
movement and the stalkers surprise
attack
really
[Music]
at the end of the day is a job is not
just a jolly but the summer about rowing
across the forest after ponies with
speed and some people say we're actually
maniacs well most people actually for
idiots idiots
[Music]
we do get fired up and we'll get annoyed
with one another and say noise the hell
didn't you do this why the hell didn't
you do that we always told me when I was
a boy if you didn't get swore at you
won't be any good more alright again the
next day or the day after it might take
a couple of days Saturday usually you go
three or four times on a dress
sweet different areas to get many ponies
in as you can
you really got Pitt your wits against
them to catch them some of the writers
will be waiting in key positions to push
them on towards the poem but things
don't always go to plan
[Music]
they don't all get caught some very
elusive once the plan worked
three-quarters of the plan the ponies
came right down to the pound that the
riders weren't up with the ponies and
the ponies had a chance to think if you
give ponies a chance to think they're
late with you and they turn back before
we could catch up
once they turn back the end of it
[Music]
you have good days and bad days on drift
last week we had five mayors and Falls
to take home today we got nothing but
that's the way it goes even though I'm
trying to go home with somebody else ass
it's their turn to take their pounding
zone this week in the next week it'll be
my turn again so the sways
you